Hey grandpa
Do you feel better?
Hey man
Here you come
He is the life of your life
Please save my grandfather
Since scum can be found here
I will let you go through hardships
Miss
The doctor has to leave for a while
Sister Fang, how do you go?
He will kill grandpa by treating grandpa
Killed my grandpa
He is the miracle doctor brought by my good sister Lan Lan
The doctor hasn't arrived yet
Only let him first
Jia
You were deceived by him, he is my blind date
Calling Lu Boots is not medical at all
If you don't believe me, ask him to take out his qualification certificate
Mr. Lu
Show me your qualifications like this
I don't have that kind of money.
Is the road
You dare to fight with me without a study qualification certificate
You go to hell
Don't be in a hurry to get angry, Miss.
One stitch away
Otherwise something will happen
Lan Lan, come closer to me
Why do you want to harm me for the rest of my life?
Daughter, you misunderstood Lu Xuan. He is really artistic
My illness was cured by him